[Autogenerated] before we move on to the provider side,
let's look at some of the challenges introduced by generating dynamic requests.
If we start with a contract on that contract supports any time we
would generate provider side verification tests,
for it is normal.
Those tests would then in turn,
call out to an instance off the provider as normal,
too.
But we have a question to ask.
What value should time be in the request?
Because putting any time in our contract doesn't provide any
information about what their request should bay.
In fact, if we did need to provide a specific time for this test,
how would we do say, without removing direct jacks on the provider side?
We have the same problem with Red Jacks in the response part of the contract.
For example,
if we start with a consume aside test and then we have our contracts,
which generates a stub, if the response body in the stop is any u i day,
then what value should are stop return to decline again,
just like before.
If we needed a specific value,
how would we set it whilst keeping the any u u I D
assertion to get around this problem.
Spring cloud contracts has a solution.
Let's start with an example contract,
which allows any alphanumeric name on any demerit
response without having to do anything.
Spring cloud contract is first of all,
smart enough to generate static date of fours.
So when generating the provider side tests,
it will use a value which matches the rejects on when generating stop responses.
It will also pick a value that matches the Red Jacks.
However, as we've already determined,
we want to be able to control these values ourselves,
robbing them, them being selected forests.
The way to do this is using the consumer and produce,
um, efforts part of the contract DSL, for example.
We can now change our contracts or allows any Alfa Unicode
value in our consumer side stop but uses a value on drew
in the provider side tests.
We can also declare any number for our provider side test assertions.
And once you free to be returned by our consumer side stop.
This kind of flexibility allows us to have the granular control that we need over both sides of the interaction in our contract.